systemd,1,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
sddm-helper,1184,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
systemd,1193,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
(sd-pam),1194,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
startkde,1195,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
dbus-launch,1243,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
dbus-daemon,1244,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
start_kdeinit,1288,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
kdeinit5,1289,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
klauncher,1290,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
kded5,1292,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
kwrapper5,1477,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
ksmserver,1478,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
kaccess,1479,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
kglobalaccel5,1483,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
kwin_x11,1487,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
baloo_file,1488,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
krunner,1490,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
udisksd,1492,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
dconf-service,1497,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
upowerd,1508,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
plasmashell,1509,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
kactivitymanage,1532,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
polkit-kde-auth,1534,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
kscreen_backend,1535,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
xembedsniproxy,1545,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
spice-vdagent,1552,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
pulseaudio,1560,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
rtkit-daemon,1561,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
bluetoothd,1572,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
cupsd,1592,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
ntpd,1631,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
master,1940,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
pickup,1941,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,No
qmgr,1942,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
cron,1955,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
kuiserver5,1982,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
su,20072,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
bash,20075,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
gvfsd,2169,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
gvfsd-fuse,2173,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
kget,2197,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
kdeinit4,2202,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
klauncher,2204,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
kded4,2206,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
knotify4,2270,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
firefox,2289,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
kmozillahelper,2314,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
at-spi-bus-laun,2321,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
konsole,2363,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
bash,2369,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
gvfsd-metadata,2458,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
systemd-journal,392,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
systemd-udevd,414,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
haveged,476,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
auditd,581,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
dbus-daemon,759,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
avahi-daemon,760,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
ModemManager,762,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
wpa_supplicant,763,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
irqbalance,767,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
nscd,768,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
systemd-logind,786,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
agetty,788,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
spice-vdagentd,797,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,PIE enabled,Yes
polkitd,807,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
sddm,907,Full RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
wickedd-dhcp6,908,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
wickedd-dhcp4,909,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
wickedd-auto4,910,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
wickedd,912,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
wickedd-nanny,913,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
X,917,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
dolphin,9746,Partial RELRO,No Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,No
file.so,9756,Partial RELRO,Canary found,NX enabled,No PIE,Yes
